Documentation: new "faq" section for the namespace offloading logic. (#780)
liqotech/liqo: docs/pages/User/Configure/configure.md

---
title: Configuration
weight: 1
---

### Edit your cluster name

> The ClusterName is your cluster's nickname, a simple and understandable name that the other clusters can see when they 

Reviewer: @palexster Would it be possible to avoid "hard" line termination in documentation? It would make the review much more difficult. I would suggest to write text with *one sentence per line* in order to facilitate the review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ClusterName is your cluster's nickname, a human-friendly string that identifies your cluster when discovering or peering with other parties. 
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @frisso! I am not the author nor I have approved the contents.

Author: yes sure
